PURPOSE

This document sets out our policy for responding to requests for deletion of data under Pakistani law. This document explains the rights of the data subject in relation to data deletion and the responsibilities of Listen in responding with such a request.
INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS

An individual has the right to erasure, also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’. The principle underpinning this right is to enable an individual to request the deletion or removal of personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing.
WHEN DOES THE RIGHT TO ERASURE APPLY?

As stipulated in Pakistani law, individuals have a right to have personal data erased and to prevent processing in specific circumstances:

 Where the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which it was originally collected/processed;
When the individual withdraws consent;
When the individual objects to the processing and there is no other legal ground for the relevant processing activity;
When the personal data was unlawfully processed;
Where the personal data has to be erased in order to comply with a legal obligation;
WHAT INFORMATION DOES Listen RETAIN?

Listen stores data about individuals in order to create consumer insights reports. We store the name, e-mail and purchased item(s) for each individual in order to create a report, which is stored on our secure servers. This data is stored and used in accordance with our Privacy Policy, which can be found at: If consent is provided, personal data (including the above, plus address, telephone number and notes) may be stored in our CRM system for the purposes of contacting you regarding Listen news, products and promotions.
HOW CAN DATA BE DELETED?

A user of Listen , can delete the user account upon request (via email to care@Listen.com) This data is deleted from the system immediately and cannot be recovered by any users or Listen employees after this point. Data which has been deleted or otherwise destroyed can not be recovered at any time. Sufficient warning is given to the account administrator before data are permanently deleted.
Data may still remain in the systems back-up files, which will be deleted periodically.
Information may be deleted from our CRM upon request to care@Listen.com. We undertake to perform the deletion within one month (30 calendar days) and will send you a confirmation once the information has been deleted. Wherever possible, we will aim to complete the request in advance of the deadline.
